Component testing, like I said,
seeks to hit that sweet
spot of fast unit test,
but from a user perspective,
what you actually care about, right?
And yeah, you can argue it
either hits that happy medium or
does neither particularly well.
I think, yeah, that's kind of
how it works and both are true.
And that's why it is one part
of your testing portfolio,
your testing toolkit, if you will.
So we're going to kinda jump in just
into another example that has a few
more things kinda going on.
We have another example in
source examples packing list and
this is kinda one to-do list is been
overdone in terms of demo apps.
What about two lists and
things moving back and forth between them.
So there's a way to kind of move some
stuff around and figure some things out.
I alluded to this earlier, so
I will kinda call it out now
that second bullet with
the button being disabled and
enabled more actually really a third,
but the enabling of the button.
In my experience at
the time of this recording,
wasn't correctly working with
Happy DOM and was working with JSDOM.
So if you've kind of I have
JSDOM as the default, but
if you at some point change that just
because, and you find it not working,
just make sure using JSDOM and
everything should be good.
The next part is both
are available in most situations so
you can use whichever one and
kind of choose along those lines as well.
But yeah, basically we've got this list.
I'll kinda show it to you real quick so
we can kinda get a sense
of what we're looking at.
And this is true for
everything in this case.
We can go in enterprise ui
development, and we do an NPM start.
If we go here,
you can see basically all of the little
demo apps are simultaneously together.
So if you look,
this is the app right here,
where we can have some things
like I should bring my phone.
You can see the button kind of enable, and
then we can edit it, and we can save it,
and we can mark it and
it goes to the packed items and
we can mark everything as unpacked and
everything moves back over that first one.
If we had two things,
you can see it a little bit better.
iPhone charger, that's important.
We can move them, we can unpack
everything, we can add new stuff,
we can remove things from the list, right?
So this case, this is the little sample
app that we're playing around with,
but at the same time this could
just be a component in your larger
application as well.
And so what we wanna do is in
the kind of exercise itself,
I have just a few initial things that
we might try to do to just kind of get
the hang of some component testing
that's more than just a single click.
We're now checking to see if
things are enabled or disabled.
Give you a hint there's
a match over there for that.
And kind of a few more nuances of
like better simulate a few more
of the interactions that you may have
that kind of barring network requests
kinda get us more towards the full picture
of render a component into the DOM,
but not really the DOM, the fake DOM
that's a lot faster in a not browser.
Kind of manipulating it verifying that
things are where they should be and
getting a sense of that.
So when you spend about probably 10
minutes to just get familiar and
comfortable and
then we will do it together and
then talk about anything that came up or
any questions that you have around that.